Add SPDX SBOM generation to build-and-publish workflow (#905)
exasol/python-toolbox: doc/changes/unreleased.md

# Unreleased

## Summary

> * Added SPDX SBOM generation to the build-and-publish workflow using `cyclonedx-py` and `sbomconvert`

Reviewer: Ah, we usually add this line under a sub-section (which sometimes hasn't yet been made).
While we allow minor variations, the main ones we add are:
https://github.com/exasol/python-toolbox/blob/main/exasol/toolbox/util/release/changelog.py#L31

```suggestion
## Features

* #905: Added SPDX SBOM generation to the `build-and-publish.yml` with the new Nox session `dependency:sbom`
```
